Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
The project's objective was to create an app that tracks inventories. The app required to be user-friendly, have a user login, and a list view of the inventory items with the ability to add, remove, and modify things.

What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
A user login screen is necessary first. In order to get the user, you then require a create account screen. Once you have it, you will need the inventory's real list.

How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
I had the worst approach to the project... i did it late. I started working on the project throughout the week, but I didn't complete it until the very last minute. Making the code was my first step in making sure the app worked properly, including user login, inventory list, etc. Starting at the beginning and writing the code from beginning to finish was the method I utilized. As an example, you log in first, then establish an account, add information, change it, remove it, etc. based on how a consumer might use an app. In the future, finishing the project by the deadline would guarantee that it would be functional, and I would continue to write the code from start to finish.

How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
I repeatedly checked the code, but since I built my app on a file from a previous project, the whole file system and Gradle were screwed up. To be honest, I made an effort to figure it out but ran out of time. If I had more time, I would have created a brand-new file, copied the code over, and then tested it, hoping for better results.

Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
When I initially thought of the app, I built two screens, but after I started to code, I decided it would be more effective and user-friendly if I removed them and kept things as simple as possible. Other than that, I just finished the app and inserted the information. such are buttons to add, modify, and delete. My primary obstacle was getting the program to run, which I was unable to do. I think I fiddled with too many settings, so I had to start over totally with a fresh file.

In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I demonstrate my ability to make the program work by having faith in the code. Just more practice with the Android Studio app, please. Apart from the difficulties setting up Android Studio, the code is clear, contains everything you need to run it, and the layouts are simple to comprehend and use. Overall, I was able to grasp the terminology and techniques needed to properly acquire and utilize information to create effective apps.
